Do you know that you are killing innocent people indiscriminately in Nancheng?
What are you?
People who dare to touch me
Madam save me
Madam, are you?
Madam, let go of my Chen family
Go find your master
Mrs. Chen Guanqiang, what's the matter with you?
Don't take our concubines seriously, you see
He beat me up beyond reason
You tied this chain
You dare to touch the people of my Chen family
Who are you?
Not him he he
He is
Junior Brother Zhu, what brother?
What on earth are you talking about?
Beating a dog depends on the owner
Don't be afraid with me
Madam, don't be angry
Look at me.
You want to die
Boy, I think you don't want to live anymore
Open your dog eyes and see clearly
Don't scare you to death.
Do you understand?
Who is this lady?